chch: this chch is located in the jili province, china. It has many famous and interesting tourists, such as Puppet Manchurian Palace, Hundred Gardens and so on.
42
sipg: this sipg is located in the jili province, china. It has a long history, so it has many ruins. And the Siping Battle Memorial Hall is located in this territory.
34
teli: this teli is located in liaoling province, china. It is known as the "Hometown of Sports Champions".
24
shya: this shya is located in liaoling province, china. The Xiantao International Airport is one of the largest air transport hubs in Northeast China. And it is a historical city.
64
paji: this paji is located in liaoling province, china. It is also known as the "Capital of Wetlands", an important petroleum and petrochemical industrial base in China approved by the State Council.
41
hulu: this hulu is located in liaoling province, china. Huludao City is a national garden city, an excellent tourist city in China, and a national forest city.
46
shhi: this shhi is located in hebei province, china. Shanhaiguan is the northeast starting point of the Ming Great Wall, with 26 kilometers of the Great Wall within its territory, more than 10 kilometers east of Qinhuangdao City.
16
qiha: this qiha is located in hebei province, china. Qinhuangdao has a long history and is the only city in China to be named after the emperor.31luhe; this luhe station is located in luanzhou, hebei province, china. Luanzhou, City during the Yin Shang Dynasty,  belonged to the former site of Huangluocheng, which was the seat of the Lone Bamboo Country and was known as the "First State of Kansai".
20
tash: this tash is located in hebei province, china. Tangshan was named after Emperor Taizong of Tang's expedition to Goguryeo and was known as the "Northern Porcelain Capital".
40
taji: this taji is located in tianjing province, china. Tianjin is one of the four municipalities directly under the central government.
35
beji: this beji is located in beijing province, china. Beijing is the capital of the People's Republic of China and one of the world's most famous historical and cultural cities and ancient capitals.